[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JAMES
'Some Thunderbolt, Electro Ball'
Quick Attack,
and don't forget Iron Tail.
First‐rate moves, all!
Without a doubt,
that Pikachu needs to be ours.
Yes, but first
we need to make our job easier
'by separating Pikachu
from that pesky Twerp.'
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Yeah, but those two are stuck
together like glue.
Prying them apart's
gonna be tough.
[Madame X laughing]
I couldn't help hearing you.
That Pikachu would be a most
useful acquisition indeed.
Eavesdropping is bad manners!
Who are you?
They call me Madame X.
'And this is Malamar.'
[EXERTION]
[gasping]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
ASH
A CONSPIRACY TO CONQUER!
NARRATOR
After leaving Camphrier Town
our heroes now continue their
journey to Cyllage City
and Ash's next
Gym battle challenge.
Let's see, in order
to get to the Pokémon Center
we pass through this forest.
Huh? Wow! What's that?
[SURPRISED]
CLEMONT
'Oh, that?
That's a radio observatory.'
‐ Huh?
‐ Radio observatory?
Right, it's a facility
that receives radio waves
from outer space,
then it automatically analyzes
those waves utilizing
the latest state‐of‐the‐art
high‐technology equipment.
I'm not sure what you're talking
about, but it sounds cool.
[AGREEMENT]
[groaning]
[all gasping]
Hey, you lugs, help me!
Meowth, what happened?
[CONCERNED]
CLEMONT
'Meowth's hurt.
We need first‐aid.'
‐ 'Bonnie!'
‐ 'Okay.'
[Meowth groaning]
[CONCERNED]
[groaning]
‐ What's up?
‐ Huh? You're awake!
‐ It's a ton of Twerps!
‐ No. You've got to rest.
CLEMONT
'Stay down and take it easy.
Here, drink this.'
[groans]
Yeah. That hit the spot. Uh..
You lugs saved my life.
I owe you big‐time.
Really? If you ask me, you're
just trying to trick us again.
[CURIOUS]
Me? Perish the thought!
I'm on the level, no doubt!
I came all this way
to tell you you're in danger.
Danger?
What are you talking about?
Yeah. I wanna hear more.
[AGREEMENT]
Just thinking back on everything
that happened
gives me the creeps.
It was like the worst nightmare
anybody could have.
[EXERTION]
From this point on
you are all my servants
and you will obey
my every command.
[gasping]
Uh, I don't know
who you think you are
but we don't take orders
from pushy big‐mouths.
There's only one boss
who's our boss
and that's
the one and only Boss!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Inkay!
‐ Psybeam!
‐ Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball!
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[ATTACK]
[DAZED]
Inkay, you okay?
Pumpkaboo, attack those fools!
Forget about it, those two
won't attack my Malamar
and they won't attack me,
Madame X, either.
[HAPPY]
MALAMAR
[EXERTION]
[thinking]
This is bad.
That wacko's gonna take
control over all of us.
Alright!
[Meowth screaming]
[SHOCKED]
[grunting]
Inflicting pain upon yourself
in order to maintain control
over your own mind
is quite clever. Grab it!
JESSIE/JAMES
Yes, madam.
No. Fight it. Snap out of it.
You've got to wake up, quick!
I'm out of here now!
‐ Go after Meowth!
‐ Yes, madam.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[Meowth panting]
So I ran and ran
as fast as I could.
I never thought I'd get a load
of someone so creepy and kooky.
[grunting]
We can't just stand here
yapping!
Madame X is coming to get
her hooks in Pikachu next.
‐ You'd better scram!
‐ Blah, blah!
I still think
you're trying to trick us
so you can end up
catching Pikachu for yourself.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Bonnie's right,
but you won't fool us this time.
Mm, no way!
This is strictly on the level.
Come on,
take a look in these peepers
and you'll see I'm as honest
as the day is long.
[Jessie and James groaning]
JAMES
'Meowth.'
What are you doing here?
You'd better hurry
and catch Pikachu.
Team Rocket?
[CONCERNED]
So you are trying
to catch Pikachu, after all.
No. You've got it
all wrong, pally.
'They're being controlled.
Look at their dopey eyes.'
‐ Uh, uh..
Let's move.
[SCARED]
[all gasping]
It's them! And that's Madame X!
What kind of a name is X?
So that's Malamar. Let's see.
Malamar,
the Overturning Pokémon
and the evolved form of Inkay.
'Possessing the strongest
hypnotic powers of any Pokémon'
'Malamar can compel others to do
anything it wants them to do.'
So that's the famous Pikachu.
'A strong‐looking Pokémon,
indeed.'
[SCARED]
I think I'll make you my servant
right here and now. Malamar!
[EXERTION]
Keep your eyes
off of that light!
It'll grab you by the brain!
Pikachu, stop them
with Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Scram while
the scramming's good!
Come on!
Leaving so soon?
Pikachu will now become
a member of our Pokémon Patrol.
Pokémon Patrol?
JAMES
'Unstoppable and destined
to take over the world'
'and put our beloved Madame X
on the throne'
'to rule it all.'
[AFFIRMATIVE]
There is no way we're gonna
let you take over the world!
Uh, uh, using Pikachu
to take over the world
is just plain wrong!
You're nuts! Huh?
[thinking]
Now that I think of it
that's what
we're always trying to do.
[grunting]
[SHOCKED]
[all gasping]
[SCARED]
Now they're using
Malamar's Psychic.
[all gasping]
Farewell, fools.
[Madame X laughs]
PIKACHU
[SCARED]
[grunts]
Stop! Pikachu!
We've got to do something!
I know, but how do we know
where they're taking Pikachu?
I'm sure Madame X has to have
a hideout somewhere.
The future is now,
thanks to science.
'Clemontic Gear on!'
I thought
we'd encounter a situation
‐ precisely like this one.
‐ You did?
Awesome!
I‐it's a Pikabot!
I call it my Automatic
Pikachu‐Retrieval Device.
‐ So cool!
‐ Pikachu‐Retrieval Device?
You get no points
for good names.
[AGREEMENT]
Observe, this detects Pikachu's
unique energy pattern
and will track it to
the farthest reaches of the land
'the bottom of the ocean
or the expanse of the sky.'
Great! Now we'll find
Pikachu for sure.
It's incredibly inspiring
that the steady progress
of science can never be stopped!
[AGREEMENT]
It's picked up a signal.
Onward! Go, Automatic
Pikachu‐Retrieval Device!
[AGREEMENT]
Begin retrieval! Let's go!
‐ Ash, wait up!
‐ Slow down! I'm coming!
Huh? Hey, what about me?
[EXERTION]
[panting]
Hey, everyone,
what's going on up ahead?
[panting]
[EXERTION]
I think it's stuck.
[all screaming]
[groaning]
Oops. Another failure.
[coughs]
Failure
is the mother of success.
I so want to believe that.
[coughs]
Okay, we're all set.
Now, why don't we see
how you work?
[EXERTION]
That's odd.
Perhaps a loose wire.
PIKABOT [EXERTION]
That's the radio observatory
we saw before.
Look! Isn't that Officer Jenny's
motorcycle?
Hm? You're right.
Wonder what she's doing here.
You know, if that Pikabot
of yours was on the right track
maybe this weird joint
is Madame X's hideout.
‐ Huh?
‐ Could be.
Officer Jenny
could have gotten a report
and went to investigate.
I'd say that the probability
is quite high.
‐ Okay. Let's go in.
‐ Right.
[EXERTION]
[DAZED]
Huh. Now you belong to me.
Come, Pikachu!
Ah..
Good.
I just know
you'll work very hard for me.
[AGREEMENT]
JESSIE
Madame X, we have intruders.
So they've found my hideout.
Those fools!
They're going to pay for this.
They have the Pok mon, Chespin,
Fennekin and Froakie with them.
Perhaps you'd like to take them
as servants, too.
Yes, I would. They should all
prove to be quite useful.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ We should split up.
‐ Right. Bonnie, come with me.
Okay. Then we'll go down here.
Officer Jenny.
Since we saw her motorcycle
parked outside
she's got to be in here.
Yeah, but where is she?
I wonder if Madame X
got a hold of her.
[SCARED]
[all gasping]
Malamar!
[EXERTION]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Malamar!
[EXERTION]
Malamar!
So this is Madame X's hideout,
isn't it?
[EXERTION]
[gasping]
Huh?
[chuckles]
Not in here.
I wonder if Clemont
found any sign of them.
Negative.
I haven't found a trace of them.
Ash, Serena, let's all continue
looking together.
[dazed]
‐ Clemont, Bonnie?
‐ 'Kinda.'
MEOWTH 'But they're being
controlled now, too!'
MALAMAR
[EXERTION]
[all screaming]
SERENA
'Malamar?'
[EXERTION]
‐ Don't look at it, Twerps!
‐ Let's run!
[indistinct chatter]
Oh. Oh, no.
What are we gonna do now?
I know!
Use Fury Swipes on me, fast!
Right! Ah, ah, ah!
Now me!
‐ Ow, ow, ow..
‐ Man, does that hurt!
And I'm afraid
your mug's up next!
No! No! I don't want my face to
end up all scratched like that.
[EXERTION]
[gasping]
‐ Ah..
‐ Serena!
We're too late!
We got to scram
outta here, quick!
Sounds good,
but how do we do that?
Uh..
Meowth, can you
cut that thing loose?
‐ No problem!
‐ Uh..
[grunting]
[SCARED]
Great job, Meowth!
[panting]
[SCARED]
[EXERTION]
[panting]
Dig it, now maybe
we'll finally get the chance
to stomp all over Madame X's
plans to take over the world
and save our buddies
at the same time!
Gotcha! Hey, where are we?
It's way too dark
to know for sure
but I think we're inside
the monitoring room.
[gasping]
‐ Oh..
‐ You thought correctly.
[chuckles]
‐ 'Pikachu!'
‐ Show them your power.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screaming]
Oh, no!
‐ Twerp, are you okay?
‐ Uh..
Why would Pikachu
attack me like that? Uh..
Check out the eyes!
'Pikachu's been hypnotized
by Malamar!'
[DAZED]
No way!
Pikachu has become
my faithful
and obedient servant.
Now stop them once and for all.
[EXERTION]
Pikachu!
[screaming]
Magnificent!
Continue your wonderful work.
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
Stop!
Pikachu! Ah!
Pikachu can't hear
a word you say!
Madame X has taken over
Pikachu's noggin!
No! I don't believe it!
Pikachu's still
my number‐one partner
and my friend.
I know you can hear me!
‐ 'Give it up, Ash.'
‐ Huh?
No matter how you fight,
you cannot resist Madame X.
The world
now belongs to Madame X
with Pikachu
and the Pokémon Patrol.
[EXERTION]
[whimpering]
[laughs]
Pikachu, finish this.
[AGREEMENT]
[ATTACK]
[screaming]
[EXERTION]
[groaning]
Pikachu.
My voice, can you hear it?
Fight it!
‐ You can't give in to her.
‐ You fool. You cannot win.
Pikachu, buddy.
[groans]
I believe in you.
'Hm. We're a team.
[STRUGGLING]
Huh? What are you doing?
Continue to attack the boy.
That's it, Pikachu.
You can break free!
[EXERTION]
Whatever bond may be left
I will soon break
that connection forever.
Pikachu, stop him now!
[EXERTION]
You can do it, Pikachu!
Huh?
[EXERTION]
Look out!
[grunting]
[PAINED]
[screaming]
[sighing]
[all gasping]
[CONFUSED]
[EXCITED]
Pikachu. Yeah! Yes! Yes!
Why are we here?
Most likely to figure out
where we are.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
You're you again!
Big improvement!
Uh, so who can tell me
what Serena's doing over here?
Uh, I guess Malamar was
controlling me, as well.
‐ Look! There's Madame X!
‐ 'Huh?'
[groaning]
[sighing]
[gasping]
Officer Jenny?
What am I doing?
I got a report that strange
things were going on here
and hurried over
right away.
Then I ran into that Malamar.
[LAUGHING]
[EXERTION]
Hey, Malamar's saying
it's really grateful
to Officer Jenny for doing
all of its work for it.
‐ What's going on?
‐ Of course!
Malamar must've hypnotized
Officer Jenny
so she could
assume the role of Madame X.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Malamar says that's how
it was able to start working
‐ on an important new weapon.
‐ New weapon?
And what are you gonna do
with it?
[CURIOUS]
[EXERTION]
Take over the world?
Then that means
we'll be doing all the work
for Malamar like before!
Oh? In your dreams!
Inkay, Psybeam!
Pikachu, Thunderbolt, let's go!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]/
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PAINED]
It's fleeing!
Come back and fight, you coward!
We'll get it.
[AGREEMENT]
[SURPRISED]
‐ What's that?
‐ The new weapon. This is it.
[EXERTION]
That's right. This is how
the new world starts.
And that will only be
the beginning
of its evil grand design!
[EXERTION]
But now that it's been
discovered
it has to destroy
the weapon right away!
[all screaming]
[EXERTION]
Malamar, stop!
You've got to run!
It's going to blow!
[panting]
[all screaming]
[EXERTION]
Look! It's Malamar!
The beginning
of its evil grand design.
Those words came from Malamar.
What does it mean?
What happens next?
Well, there are still a lot
of questions left unanswered.
Malamar.
That's one scary Pokémon.
[AGREEMENT]
NARRATOR Our heroes
and Officer Jenny
are left wondering
what Malamar's masterplan
could be
but Ash's Cyllage City
Gym battle still lies ahead
as the journey continues.
[groaning]
Being controlled by Malamar
like a bunch of robots.
How pathetic can we get?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Huh? Hold the phone.
Malamar's the evolved form
of Inkay, right?
Huh? Inkay?
[all groaning]
[EXCITED]
Huh?
[all screaming]
NARRATOR
Stay tuned.
[theme music]